CDocParser
---
CDocParser is a language agnostic C-Style comments parser that uses block comments to make it easier to generate documentation.


## Install

```bash
$ npm install --save cdocparser
```


## Usage

CDocParser consists of two parts the `CommentExtractor` and a `CommentParser`.


```js
var CDocParser = require('cdocparser');
var extractor = new CDocParser.CommentExtractor(/* contextParser */ );
var parser = new CDocParser.CommentParser(/* Annotations */);

var comments = extractor.extract(/* code */);
var parsedComments = parser.parse(comments);

console.log(parsedComments);
```

## API

### CommentExtractor

The ComemntExtractor is used to extract C-Style comments from source and attach context information to it.

#### `new CommentExtractor(contextParser)`

Create a CommentExtractor to extract block comment like:

```
/**
 *
 *  CDocComment
 *
 */
```

You need to pass in a function that is used to generate a `context` object used to specify the context of the comment.
A context obj:

```js
{
  type : 'contextType'
}
```

The `type` attribute is mandatory, you can add as much attributes as you would like.

#### `#extract(code)`

This method will return an Array of all comments in the form of

```js
[
  {
    lines: {}, 
    context: [context object generated by contextParser]
  }
]
```


### CommentParser

#### `new CommentParser(annotations)`

Create a new `CommentParser` where `annotaions` is an object like:
```js
{
  _: {
    alias: {
      'aliasName': 'aRealAnnotation'
    }
  },

  aRealAnnotation: {
    parse : function (annotationLine) {
    
    },
    default : function(){
      return 5;
    }
  }
}
```

This object is used to provide parser for various types of annotations. It also includes tha ability to include aliases.

#### `#parse ( comments )`

This methods takes a comments array provided by `CommentExtractor#extract` and parses all annotations. The resulting
object will look like:

```js
{
  "[context.type]" : [
    {
      description : "[Contains all comment lines without an annotation]",
      [annotationName] : [resultOfAnnotationParser]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Development

Use `mocha test` to run the unit tests.

## Changelog

#### 0.2.0 
 
  * Throw an error if annotation was not found

#### 0.1.1
  
  * Ignore annotations that return `undefined`.

#### 0.1.0 
  
  * Restructure annotation function. Add `default` value and `parse` function.


